= Rails OpenId

Rails OpenId is a very small library that intends to abstract away a little bit
of ruby-openid to make it easier to use in Rails applications. It is a very
infant library, use at your own peril.

== Installation

This gem is provided through RubyGems.org so you need to have gem configured to
pull gems from RubyGems.org.

=== Enabling RubyGems.org (formerly known as GemCutter)

You can skip this if you have RubyGems.org enabled (which is going to be the
default in the future anyway). A properly configured environment should list
rubygems.org or gemcutter.org in the gem sources, like:

  $ gem sources
  *** CURRENT SOURCES ***

  http://rubygems.org/

If you don't have it, you can probably add it this way:

  $ gem source -a http://rubygems.org/

=== Installing rails_openid manually

It's simple a matter of running:

  $ gem install rails_openid

and that's it. Let me know if something breaks.

=== Installing through your Ruby on Rails 3 project

In the +Gemfile+ file of your Ruby on Rails project you'll need to add:

  gem "rails_openid"

after that run

  bundle install

and watch the magic happen, all required gems will be installed. Configuring
your Rails project like that is something you'll need anyway, so this is my
recommended way.

=== Installing through your Ruby on Rails 2.3 project

In the +environment.rb+ file of your Ruby on Rails project you'll have some
commented out lines like this:

  # config.gem "bj"
  # config.gem "hpricot", :version => '0.6', :source => "http://code.whytheluckystiff.net"
  # config.gem "sqlite3-ruby", :lib => "sqlite3"
  # config.gem "aws-s3", :lib => "aws/s3"

After those you can just add

  config.gem "rails_openid"

and then run

  $ rake gems:install

and you'll get this and all the gems your Rails project need installed.
Configuring your Rails project like that is something you'll need anyway, so
this is my recommended way.

== API Documentation

Up to date api documentation should be automatically generated on
http://rdoc.info/projects/pupeno/rails_openid

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 J. Pablo Fernández. See LICENSE for details.
